docs: add a link to the to-dos-api-cpp repository; update the description of the to-dos-api repository (#2)
TourmalineCore/to-dos-documentation: README.md

## Related Repos

- [to-dos-ui](https://github.com/TourmalineCore/to-dos-ui) - I'm UI and show things
- [to-dos-api](https://github.com/TourmalineCore/to-dos-api) - I'm one of the available API implementations and provide endpoints for UI

> - [to-dos-api-cpp](https://github.com/TourmalineCore/to-dos-api-cpp) - I`m one of the available API implementations and provide endpoints for the UI

Author: ```suggestion
- [to-dos-api](https://github.com/TourmalineCore/to-dos-api) - I'm NestJS API implementations and provide endpoints for UI
- [to-dos-api-cpp](https://github.com/TourmalineCore/to-dos-api-cpp) - I`m C++ API implementations and provide endpoints for the UI
```
